LLM Benchmark docs updates from testings (#4416)
clockworklabs/SpacetimeDB: docs/docs/00200-core-concepts/00300-tables.md

    email: t.string().unique(),
  }
);

const spacetimedb = schema({ people });
export default spacetimedb;
```

> The first argument to `table()` defines table options, and the second defines columns. Pass your tables to `schema()` as an object: `schema({ people })` or `schema({ table1, table2 })`. Never use `schema(table)` or `schema(t1, t2, t3)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first argument to `table()` defines table options, and the second defines columns. Pass your tables to `schema()` as an object: `schema({ people })` or `schema({ table1, table2 })`. The 1.0 syntax `schema(table)` or `schema(t1, t2, t3)` is no longer valid.
```
